cycling thought is a tandoori spy
caliber with a cucumber raita
kind of a absolutely perfect this time
of year the season runs from April to
November and it's a great alternative to
Cart paid robust but it's got this
really nice snowflake appearance it's
right wide full of flavor and packed
with protein skin hold it towards the
tail and just tug the towel beautiful
look
all you do now you just cut nice big
thick slabs of halibut into the fridge
to firm up now we're gonna make this
really amazing fresh to enjoy pace
starting off with some ginger garlic
cumin coriander seeds and the spices
here we've got chilli turmeric paprika a
garam masala basically hot warm spice
row seeds salt and that sort of
intensifies the flavor take a small knob
of ginger and here old Thompson's size
knob great at ginger into the pestle and
mortar three cloves of garlic
toasted seeds in salt spice lemon
that starts to turn the pages are really
nice sharp vibrant fresh flavor which
you never get when you buy a tandoori
paste tomato puree and a couple of
tablespoons of ground nut oil mix the
color is extraordinary you don't get
that color when you buy a paste done
absolutely beautiful
now marinating the halibut yogurt paste
lemon sugar just to sort of chill the
flavor of the heat with all the spices
mix look at that color now beautiful
halibut in it goes spoon the marinade
over the halibut hot pan ground the oil
straight into the pan leave that cooking
nice and gentleman for about
two-and-a-half or three minutes each
side we're gonna serve it on a bit of
cucumber
pee-yew
these wonderful strips almost like
pappardelle a faster beautiful cucumbers
of all season
mint shop yogurt lemon absolutely
amazing cucumber in the center of the
plate
you've halibut is ready to come out and
watch
as amazing tandoori spice halibut with
Chuck embroider done